README.md, before:

# tikzimg
Script for fast creation of latex tikz images.


- In python
- Available system wide
- command will be 'tikzimg'
- cli script
- when run:
    - creates a temporary file in /tmp with tikzpicture template
    - opens the temporary file in default editor
    - renders the file
    - on return:
        - produce an svg by compiling then using the following command: `dvisvgm -P <f>.pdf -o <f>.svg` where `<f>` is the filename.
        - copy the svg and the .tex file to the current (or output) directory
- the default filename will be 'a' (similar to the a.out from C compilation)
- 

## Options

- `[file]`           | take a previous latex image file and process it
- `-o` or `--output` | output location
- `-t` or `--type`   | an alternate type (pdf_latex or something else) 

## Template
```latex
\documentclass[tikz,border=10pt]{standalone}
\usetikzlibrary{shapes.geometric, arrows, graphs, arrows.meta,decorations.pathmorphing,backgrounds,positioning,fit,petri}

\begin{document}
\begin{tikzpicture}
% Here
\end{tikzpicture}
\end{document}
```

Commit message:

feat: Basics are working with examples given in the readme
Can now create images but there are a few things that still need to be
done. For example, still need to infer the type from the output
extension and increment file outputs by default rather than overwriting.

README.md, after:

# tikzimg
Script for fast creation of latex tikz images.

## Examples:

Open a tikz image template in editor that produces fig.tex and fig.svg in the current directory when saved.
```bash
tikzimg
```

Same but specify output location (can also use --output). 
Will produce `/tmp/desired_output.svg` and `/tmp/desired_output.tex`.
```bash
tikzimg -o /tmp/desired_output.svg
```

Open an existing file in the editor and attempt to produce output.
Will produce `./fig.svg` and `./fig.tex`.
```bash
tikzimg example.tex
```

## Notes

- In python
- Available system wide
- command will be 'tikzimg'
- cli script
- when run:
    - creates a temporary file in /tmp with tikzpicture template
    - opens the temporary file in default editor
    - renders the file
    - on return:
        - produce an svg by compiling then using the following command: `dvisvgm -P <f>.pdf -o <f>.svg` where `<f>` is the filename.
        - copy the svg and the .tex file to the current (or output) directory
- the default filename will be 'a' (similar to the a.out from C compilation)
- 

## Options

- `[file]`           | take a previous latex image file and process it
- `-o` or `--output` | output location
- `-t` or `--type`   | an alternate type (pdf_latex or something else) 

## Template
```latex
\documentclass[tikz,border=10pt]{standalone}
\usetikzlibrary{shapes.geometric, arrows, graphs, arrows.meta,decorations.pathmorphing,backgrounds,positioning,fit,petri}

\begin{document}
\begin{tikzpicture}
% Here
\end{tikzpicture}
\end{document}
```
